Olympic gifts arrive
When someone comes, he will give a set of Ziqi Donglai single-family villas as a gift.
Menting Dover
Ziqi Donglai presents a statue of a pure jade horse stepping on a flying swallow
Yima Pingchuan
Wanli Future
Give Ruyi Gold Bars, Shigen Golden Avenue
All the best
Ouch, what is this?
So much gold?
May I ask who sent these gifts?
These gifts are from the richest man Ma to this weightlifting
The Olympic champion of the event
And the richest man Ma is on his way
The gift has been delivered.
Let's go back first
Thank you. Thank you.
So many gifts
There are tens of millions
This champion made a lot of money
This time it's not the championship
And the champion of Shao Yun is definitely not Zhao Wanglong
Is Zhao Ruolan really the champion of Shao Yun?
So?
What did Zhao Ruolan and Ma Shoufu sign?
The spokesperson agreement is real
I was wronged Zhao Ruolan
Did the village chief hear?
Did you hear that?
Ruolan didn't lie
He really is the champion.
Can the village chief's horse guard prove my innocence?
Since I'm innocent
Should the Zhao Wanglong family be punished?